Login
Context:
CrewMate is not logged in
Primary Flow
1.	System prompts user to enter login credentials (username and password)
2.	User provides all valid credentials
3.	User submits login request
4.	System verifies credentials
5.	System presents user with the landing page for the system
Alternative Flows
Missing Username/Password
A2. User provides incomplete credentials (i.e., no information, only username, or only password) A3. User is unable to submit login request and System prompts user to provide username
A4. Return to Primary Flow step 2 Invalid Credentials
A2. User provides invalid credentials (i.e., username does not exist in system or password is not correct for provided username)
A3. User submits login request
A4. System identifies invalid credentials
A5. System prompts user that credentials provided are invalid A6. Return to Primary Flow step 1
 
Add Stock:
Context:
CrewMate is logged in
Ship has available capacity for more stock to be added
Primary Flow
1.	User indicates they want to add new stock to the system
2.	System prompts user to provide stock information including name, quantity, condition (perfect, usable, or unusable), and any special qualities (flammable, liquid, or perishable). Additionally, perishable stock must provide expiration date.
3.	User provides all information
4.	System verifies there is a storage compartment with sufficient space capable of storing the stock
a.	Storage compartment must be labeled as appropriate for all special qualities.
5.	System presents all available storage compartments that can store the stock
6.	User selects which storage compartment to use for the stock
7.	System adds the stock to the selected storage compartment
8.	System logs the change in stock including the following details.
a.	Identifier of the CrewMate that added the stock
b.	All provided information for the stock
c.	Identifier of storage compartment updated
d.	Available storage capacity for the compartment after adding the stock
e.	Time the stock was added to the storage compartment
9.	System displays confirmation message of stock addition to user including all information logged for the change in stock
Alternative Flows
No Storage Compartment Available with Sufficient Space for Stock
A4. System identifies that no storage compartment exists with sufficient space capable of storing the stock.
A5. System notifies user that no storage compartment has sufficient space available to store indicated quantity.
A6. System presents a list of storage compartments with available space capable of storing the stock.
A7. System prompts the user to revise the quantity being added to be within capacity limit of at least one storage compartment.
A8. Return to primary flow step 2 with prior provided stock information prefilled.
No Storage Compartment Available to Store Stock with Indicated Special Quality
A1. System identifies that no storage compartment exists which is capable of storing stock with the indicated special qualities.
A2. System notifies the user that inventory has no storage compartment available for special qualities indicated.
 
View Stock Changes:
Context:
Quartermaster is logged in
Primary Flow
1.	Quartermaster requests to view stock changes
2.	System presents quartermaster with a list of all stock changes, presented in reverse chronological order (most recent first)
3.	Quartermaster views list of stock changes
Alternative Flows
Quartermaster Filters Stock Changes by Special Quality
A3. Quatermaster selects one or more special qualities
A4. System removes all stock changes from list for changes to stock that do not the selected special qualities
A5. Return to primary flow step 3
Quartermaster Filters Stock Changes by CrewMate
A3. Quatermaster selects one or more CrewMates who are included in the list of stock changes A4. System removes all stock changes from list for changes not made by the selected CrewMate(s) A5. Return to primary flow step 3
Quartermaster Filters Stock Changes by Valid Time Range
A3. Quatermaster selects a range of time (start and/or end where end is after start if provided)
A4. System removes all stock changes from list for changes not made during the selected time range A5. Return to primary flow step 3
Quartermaster Filters Stock Changes by Invalid Time Range
A3. Quatermaster selects a range of time (start and end where end is before or equal to start) A4. System notifies Quartermaster that time range is not valid, end time must be after start time. A5. Return to alternative flow step A3 with prior provided start and end time prefilled
 
View Available Food Stock:
Context:
Cook is logged in
Primary Flow
1.	Cook would click View Inventory button
2.	System presents Cook with list of available stocks that only apply to his role (Food stocks) with their conditions, quantities, and expiration dates
3.	Cook selects the stock he wants to remove from and inputs quantity he would like to remove
4.	System presents warning message with stock details and message asking if he is sure he wants to remove that quantity of stocks
5.	Cook presses confirmation button
6.	System updates stock list to reflect new quantities
7.	System shows confirmation message that stocks were successfully removed
Alternative Flows
There are no stocks for the Cook to view

Cook wants to remove more stocks than the current quantity


